[Music]
the world was void
the populous and the power form is a
lump
seasonless herbless treeless
manless this is a very personal code
[Music]
they rotting on the sea oh oh oh oh
so satisfied and their masts fell down
piecemeal
as they dropped they slept on the abyss
without a surge
the waves were dead the tides were in
their grave
the moon their mistress had expired
before
the winds withered in the stagnant air
and the clouds perished
darkness had no need of aid from them
she was the universe that got his
attention
blimey
you miss me right hello i'm the doctor
him i'm a traveler in space and time she
was the universe
you're not the only one who can do
classic
how many more of me are out there
she was the universe
don't forget to click below and
subscribe to the official doctor who
youtube channel
you